OK so let's do all the set up and installing on the for these for this project.
So from the start I have just the idea to create we are ranked AB I deleted pretty much everything just
like we did before and left index as an index.
Not H-G mail.
So just like this.
Now I've created a component's folder inside the source and then inside I had just create an app that
has that is just rendering a hello world.
Just something real simple.
I've added the DVD.
Jason do you have a US resource on the lecture and I've added the images folder so we can just grab
the images from there.
All right.
That's the only thing I did begin to do.
Everything else right now.
We're going to need to install a lot of dependencies.
So this is going to take to get it would take a while.
I'm going to the video of course whenever I install anything so we can to use Jason's server.
You can have the documentation right here.
Basically this Jason's server is just to create a rest API in just a few seconds.
It's literally a few seconds.
So the only thing that the adjacent server or server uses is going to be the DVD Chaisson.
So what we need to do to install it.
If you don't have it if you did it on the previous lecture with the NPM installed mine is Jason's server.
If you didn't do it we can do it now.
It's going to be AM PM NPM.
There we go up NPM install and then we can do minus D minus.
Do you mean Global's global.
So when I install this dependency globally we can just access some commands without doing PM install
and we could just use it.
It's going to be Jasen server.
I'm going to just click enter.
It's going to take a few seconds.
I've already have it installed.
So it's not going to take that long to be possible.
And be right back.
OK.
Everything is ready.
I'm going to open a new terminal because we need to right here on this terminal.
We're going to run the NPM start for the re-act project.
So we need a new terminal and run this Jason server on a different and different shell on different
place.
So to use to run the adjacent server we're going to say Jason server and then space and we're going
to we're going to do minus minus.
Watch that space and we're going to make reference to the file.
I gave you.
It's going to be divi done.
Jason right.
We need to specify the port.
So we're going to be running everything inside port 3 0 0 4.
You can choose whenever you want.
They're going to click enter.
It's going to do some stuff.
And it's really fast and then it's going to give you is going to give you just a message going to say
everything is ready and we load the DVD and Jason everything is done right.
So you can have some resources.
So if I just copy this inside this location you can have the Jasons going to just up give us.
Jason's just like a fake.
It's just like a rest API.
So if I go to no home right here and I go home is going to give us the Jason so we can fetch the information
right here and use it.
OK.
That's fine.
That's the first step.
I'm going to go back to the first terminal.
Right.
So we have installed we installed these in server.
What else we can see we are going to be using routes.
So we need to install reac router and get to say NPM install install and then re-act dash router dash
Dom and we're going to use the person for Dot Z zero dot zero and then minus minus save.
OK.
It's going to take a few seconds and we'll be right back.
OK so the router it's installed.
What else we can need.
We're going to need something to do this transition.
This actually is going to be a slider.
So we have some options.
We have a lot of options just like when we use Jay Querrey we have a lot of light libraries to do this.
Well this is the same idea you can have to use the re-act slick if you know the slick slider for Jay
Querrey Well this is the re-act version.
Same idea.
So two solid beginning solid i've already have installed but I'm going to sit on it anyways.
It's going to be NPM install and then it's going to be called re-act then dash and slick and going to
do.
Minus minus safe of course.
OK.
It's going to take a couple minutes.
I'll be right back.
OK so the reveal it installed whenever we just scroll down on the web page you're going to have this
transition.
So when you begin to use something else for this it's going to be called re-act reveal.
And again just like the reveal from Jay Carney we just the same idea which is scroll and whenever the
element appears on the screen it's just going to do a transition.
So this re-act reveal uses two things.
It uses the dependency for react with reveal and uses an animate CSSA.
So whenever you install We need to install both and then we need to to use both.
Don't worry we going to I'm going to tell you how to use this so we can install this.
So it is going to be NPM install than space re-act dash reveal.
That's the first thing.
And then begin to be done.
And he made CSSA.
So we are going to do animate dot see SS and then of course mine is mine is safe right click enter and
it's going to take a few seconds and I'll be right back.
OK so whenever on the on the actual project whenever I go to teams we can have this nice transition
this fading transition.
And of course if we change again we're going to have to see the same transition but maybe you're going
to be using a successor group for this.
So we will need to install that dependency for the transition group.
I'm going to say NPM install and install and then react dash transmission and dash group right.
We're going to use the version 1.
So it's going to be one dot X and then we're going to do.
Mine is mine is safe.
It could enter it's going to take a few seconds and again I'll be right back OK.
We are almost done.
We need to install redux because we can use redux.
And this project.
So we are going to do NPM Oh no I'm sorry this is not the speaking for the use Windows.
So everything is ready right now.
We're just going to start building the first component.
So let's go to the next section and start building this.